Open Bugs
---------

* Some backends report a button press multiple times. This only applies
to those backends which were implemented using information from "sniffing"
and/or reverse engineering, i.e. plustek, snapscan and niash. 
I would be glad if someone would volunteer to gather additional info about 
the scanner communication protocol and fix these backends. 


Open, but Resolvable Issues
---------------------------

* I got a few reports that scanbuttond is not initializing the scanner
correctly in some cases. If scanbuttond seems to have troubles accessing the
hardware, please have a look at "/etc/scanbuttond/initscanner.sh".
This is the scanner initialization script which will be executed before
scanbuttond tries to talk to your scanner. Sometimes it is necessary to let
a SANE program initialize the scanner before it can be accessed by
scanbuttond. Usually, putting something like "scanimage -n" in the
initscanner.sh script should solve the problem.

* If you are still using Linux 2.4.x: Note that the scanner can be accessed
by either the scanner kernel module or from userspace by libusb - but you
can't use both at the same time! Scanbuttond only supports libusb, so it
won't work when the scanner kernel module is loaded. In this case, I'd
suggest to get rid of the kernel module and switching to libusb (or even
better: get a 2.6.x kernel since there is no scanner kernel module anymore).

* Note that scanbuttond won't work without installation! It expects scripts
and configuration files to be installed in /etc/scanbuttond as well as
the dynamically loadable backend modules to be present in
/usr/local/lib/scanbuttond.

* People often complain that scanbuttond produces too many log messages on
their systems. Actually, scanbuttond sends quite a lot of DEBUG messages to
the logging daemon. However, on a properly configured system, these messages
should not congest important logfiles, either because DEBUG messages are
generally ignored, or because they are written to separate logfiles
dedicated for less important or debugging messages. 
So, please configure your logging system correctly. I am sorry that I can't
tell you how to do that exactly, since there are a lot of different logging
systems around (on Linux, for example, there exists klogd, syslog-ng,
metalog, ...) and every logger has to be configured in a different way. You
should find out which logger your system is using and consult its
documentation.


Fixed Bugs
----------

* Disconnectiong USB scanners caused older versions of scanbuttond to
crash (SIGSEGV). This problem should be fixed as of version 0.2.1.

* Be careful when using USB 2.0 with the linux ehci-hcd module. There
seems to be a memory leak which makes your computer run out of free RAM
after running scanbuttond for several days. The only workaround known to me
is not to load ehci-hcd and using USB 1.x (uhci-hcd or ohci-hcd) instead.
Update: This problem seems to be fixed in Linux 2.6.10.

